Property security annotations (#125)
IntelliTect/Coalesce: docs/pages/modeling/model-components/attributes/file.rst

.. _FileAttribute

[File]
========

Coalesce supports the uploading and downloading of files and images through the :csharp:`IntelliTect.Coalesce.DataAnnotations.File` annotation. 

Example Usage
-------------
    .. code-block:: c#

        public class Product
        {
            public int ProductId { get; set; }

            [Search]
            public string ProductName { get; set; }

            [File("text/plain")]
            public byte[] ProductDescription { get; set; }

            [File("image/jpeg")]
            public byte[] ProductThumbnail { get; set;}

            [File]
            public byte[] BinaryDriverFile { get; set;}

            //...
        

> Further we may specify file information in the optional parameters on the attribute tag, or even specify security levels with the appropriate :ref:`SecurityAttribute`. In the example below the file can be viewed/downloaded by any user, but only users with the role of :csharp:`"Admin"` or :csharp:`"Vendor"` will be able to upload a new file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, Coalesce can store file metadata in optional properties that are specified on the attribute's properties. Security information can also be specified with property-level :ref:`SecurityAttribute`. In the example below, the file can be viewed/downloaded by any user, but only users with the role of :csharp:`"Admin"` or :csharp:`"Vendor"` will be able to upload a new file.
```

            public string VideoName { 
                get {
                    return $"Product{ProductId}.mp4";
                }
            }
            public long VideoSize { get; set; }
            public string VideoHash { get; set; }
        }

Properties
----------

    .. _MimeTypeReference: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Basics_of_HTTP/MIME_types#applicationoctet-stream
    __ MimeTypeReference_

    :csharp:`public string MimeType { get; set; }`
        The system will identify the nature and format of the file using the type described in the 'MimeType' property. By default it is set to :csharp:`"application/octet-stream"` to read/write the file as an `unknown binary file`__. 
        
        An image preview will be displayed for properties annotated with the :csharp:`File` attribute whose MIME type contains :csharp:`"image"`. Other MIME types will result in a download button being displayed.

        .. tip::
            If a filename exists on the uploaded file, the MIME type may inferred from the file extension and :csharp:`MimeType` need not be specified.

    :csharp:`public string NameProperty { get; set; }`

>         If set, will specify the filename. If this is readonly this will return a computed filename. If the property is settable, the value of the property will be set upon file upload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        A property to store the filename into. If the specified property has no setter, this will return a computed filename and the name of the uploaded file will not be used. If the property does have a setter, the property will be populated by the filename on upload.
```

>     :csharp:`public string HashProperty{ get; set; }`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :csharp:`public string HashProperty { get; set; }`
```
